Added the ability to specify a user-assigned managed identity for access to the Azure Key Vault (#79)
TraGicCode/tragiccode-azure_key_vault: README.md

**NOTE: Retrieving a specific version of a secret is currently not available via the hiera backend**

### Using a user-assigned managed identity to retrieve a secret

> By Default, a system-assigned managed identity is expected to be in place and provide access to the Key Vault. Thus the module expects to have nothing to do in order to gain access; it will just pull secrets and expect that to work.\
> We can specify a user-assigned managed identity to use instead, identified by either its 'client_id' or its 'object_id', both of which should be available from Azure upon creating that identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are looking to share an identity between azure resources and/or decouple the identity from the lifecycle of the azure resource then user-assigned managed identity is what you are looking for.  By Default, a system-assigned managed identity is expected to be in place and provide access to the Key Vault.  We can specify a user-assigned managed identity to use instead, identified by either its 'client_id' or its 'object_id', both of which should be available from Azure upon creating that identity.
```
